In this video, I have an assignment for
you. And what we want to do is create the
relationship between Ingredient and UnitOfMeasure. So we need to establish
UnitOfMeasure as an entity and we want to
create a one-to-one relationship from
Ingredient to UnitOfMeasure. Now this
is kind of a unique case. So you know
measure is going to be like a reference
table that we'll use to define different
units of measure for our recipes and
it's really just to hold the different
properties in for the Ingredient. So
what we want to do is allow Ingredient
to be pretty independent and in this use
case, as I'm thinking about the
application I can't think of a reason
why we would want to go from Unit
OfMeasure to Ingredient. Because really
we're referencing UnitOfMeasure from
Ingredient to lookup properties for the
type of unit measure that it is and we're
creating it as a database table so that
our application would be like extensible.
So if we wanted to add in additional
unit of measures at some time in the future,
we could just add them in through a
database record rather than hard coding
it like enum is. So in this particular
use case, we don't really have a need for
a bi-directional relationship. So we're
going to create a unidirectional
relationship. So I have an assignment
here in keynote. So the assignment is to
create a one-to-one JPA relationship and
we want to create the UnitOfMeasure
entity and create a unidirectional
relationship from Ingredient to UnitOf
Measure. And we do not want to cascade
any persistence events from Ingredient
to UnitOfMeasure. So if you look at
our diagram here, we don't want to delete
a UnitOfMeasure if we delete an
Ingredient. So that would be a undesired
behavior of our application. So that's
why we're setting it up as a
unidirectional right relationship and
not doing any type of cascade operations
when we do persistence against
Ingredient. We definitely don't want to
be doing any type of alteration of UnitOfMeasure since it is
just a reference table. So just to
recap the assignment. Go in and create a
UnitOfMeasure entity and then you'll want
to add that as a property to Ingredient,
and then create a unidirectional JPA
relationship from Ingredient to UnitOf
Measure and do not do any type of
cascade operations from Ingredient to
UnitOfMeasure. Now in the next video,
I'll step you through exactly everything
that we need to do to get the setup.